Enterprise resource planning, or ERP,
is the integrated management of main business processes,
often in real-time and mediated by software and technology.
ERP data stores.
ERP provides an integrated and continuously updated view of
core business processes using common databases maintained by database management system.
ERP systems drag business resources, cash, raw materials,
production capacity, and the status of business commitments,
orders, purchase orders, and payroll.
The applications that make up the system share data across various departments,
manufacturing, purchasing, sales, accounting,
etc, and provide the data to ERP.
ERP facilitates information flow between
all business functions and manages connection to outside stakeholders.
ERP databases are relational in nature.
Some common ERP solutions are Oracle or SAP.
Revisiting Amazon.
Human resources pays salaries to employees,
logistics team takes care of office furniture,
and PR does conferences and other events to maintain brand images.
For all this they need funds.
Imagine all these departments doing it in complete isolation,
it'll create all sorts of issues.
They're better off having an ERP with specialized modules for their specific needs,
but managing resources centrally.
The DB for such a system will be entity data producers.
Some financial analysts might need to run monthly report on this data to answer,
how much did HR payout in salary?
How much was spent in office furniture and how much was spent by PR?
Having an ERP will make it easier for everybody.
Customer relationship management is an approach to
manage a company's interaction with current and potential customers.
CRM systems help with it.
CRM is a type of ERP.
CRM systems compile data from a range of different communication channels,
including a company's website, telephone, email,
live chat, marketing materials,
and more recently, social media.
Through the CRM approach and the systems used to facilitate it,
businesses learn more about their target audiences and how to best cater to their needs.
A very common example of CRM is Salesforce.
Considering CRMs are type of ERP,
CRM data stores have same features as an ERP data store.
Common databases, DBs maintained by DBMS teams share data across departments,
information flows between business functions,
and data is relational in nature.
CRM example, let's say you are
an Azure marketing executive and have clients who are CIOs of companies like HP.
You want to keep track of all the conversation between your team and HP.
while you are still converting your lead,
a CRM will be helpful for you.
It can pull all the conversation between your team and client together,
it can help you keep track of all the leads and opportunities,
and the KPIs associated with those.
In another example, you are Mom and Pop antique store and you're moving online.
You're posting ads on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.
At the same time, you are also tracking the conversation with your current customers.
The offer emails you send and the offer links clicked in email.
A CRM could be of great help to you.
You can track your social media presence,
define and monitor KPIs for social media advertising.
You can use CRMs to understand the conversion through the email marketing,
CRM will reduce your headache of marketing and will streamline processes for you.